Update slides (#202)
cloudnativegeo/cloud-optimized-geospatial-formats-guide: overview.qmd

## Zarr Specs in Development

> * (as of mid-2025) V2 is widely adopted. Zarr V3 was recently released.

Author: This was introduced in 2f401327dca776be1b98b05b10e0f08ff3b86bde , and I thought it would be good to add a bit of context about when this line was added

> * (as of mid-2025) V2 is widely adopted. Zarr V3 was recently released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Zarr V3 was accepted as a spec in 2023. Its community adoption is accelerating.
```
If you don't mind lumping this change in, I think it'd be better to update the statement rather than dating it.

Author: Done !
